Improve accessibility of Card (#1553)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: packages/core/stories/card/card.doc.stories.mdx

  <Story id="core-card--default" />
</Canvas>

## Adding actions

> If you intend to add any links or buttons within your Card, only add them into a default Card, not an interactable Card, to ensure ADA compliancy.

Author: Should we add advice/a story on how to add link styling to a "link" in interactable cards, like on the current site? @joshwooding @ivan-calderon

Reviewer: It depends if it's a valid pattern. I'll let @ivan-calderon answer

> If you intend to add any links or buttons within your Card, only add them into a default Card, not an interactable Card, to ensure ADA compliancy.

Author: ```suggestion
If you intend to add any links or buttons within your Card, only add them into a default Card, not an Interactable Card. This will ensure ADA compliance.
```

<Canvas>
  <Story id="core-card--default-with-link" />
</Canvas>

<Canvas>
  <Story id="core-card--default-with-button-and-image" />
</Canvas>

## Interactable Card

Use the `InteractableCard` component to make the entire Card interactable. Do **not** use any focusable elements within Interactable Card.

> To use as a link, wrap Card in a [Link](?path=/docs/documentation-core-link--page) component.

Author: Is this ok? @joshwooding and should we add something like 'Keep content minimal as all content will be read out by screen reader' 
cc @bhoppers2008 @ivan-calderon

Reviewer: Yeah, I think we should add that guidance as well as shorten the text in the example.

Reviewer 2: Maybe content (Delme or Mitch) might have some guidance that we can add/link to for this as well? Came across this article, which suggests there's no special consideration for screen readers regarding content... it should just be well written: https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk/2017/02/08/advice-for-creating-content-that-works-well-with-screen-readers/

Makes sense to reduce the text in the example, but we should recommend against multiple lines regardless of a screen reader. It should be easily scannable by all users. Given the speed of most screen readers, it's probably more of an issue for sighted than non-sighted users :) Maybe we can tweak the guidance to reflect more general advice, with screen readers being one of the supporting reasons.
